Hey guys welcome back.
So we're going to continue with our now playing bar here at the bottom and we're going to do now is
make this play burn slightly bigger than the rest of the bones.
If I show you my finish site you see that the blaber and down here is larger than the other burns that
stands out a bit more.
So we're going to do the same thing.
So that's pretty simple.
All you do is give a width and a height of thirty two pixels.
So if I just show you in here way it look like width thirty two pixels.
And then also height say two pixels.
You see it looks slightly larger and stands out.
And this is where that vertical and middle comes in.
This one here you see here.
Notice how they're all aligned in the middle vertically.
If I delete that you see they'll go to the bottom.
So that's what they're lines for.
But anyway so all here do is add height and width.
Is it because caputo's to go back to styled us.
Yes yes.
And underneath control both an image will go into a new one control button and then this is going to
be play image.
And what this study does is it is same as that although it looks for something with the class play as
well as the class control burn.
Because if you look back at our 8 year old structure you'll notice we gave them two classes.
So now he's looking for controlled burn is also looking for the class play as well because this one
he has two bones but we want this code to also apply to the pause button too because if I show you again
and here you'll see that if I press play it change to a pause button so the pause button needs to be
the same size as well.
Okay and that's resemble all we ever do is copy and paste alive again for a comma and then change this
to pause and that will now apply to the pause button.
And inside there it was just width.
Thirty two pixels.
And then also height say theta pixels are I give a safe refresh page and hopefully you'll still see
the playwear and with their slightly larger height than the rest of the burns.
So one thing I do with these buttons is make it so that when your mouse hovers over them the mouse changes
to a pointer.
You probably remember doing this in earlier videos.
And it's really simple.
Oh we do say control burn coal on hover like that.
And so their cursor pointer like that so that when you're first page you'll see that when you hover
over the buttons now you get this pointer and that's it.
Reassemble.